{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh10820\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Intro\

\fs28 All Cycles Edmonton was started in 2018 by Celena Campbell and Coehn Dubrule. Their mission is to provide menstrual products to anyone that needs them, regardless of gender, income, or housing status. They\'92ve set up donation bins across the city, providing thousands of menstrual products to those that need them. \
\

\fs36 What Needed Fixing\

\fs28 All Cycles already had a presence online with a website made using Squarespace. It was enough to get them going, although they had noticed that there were a lot of little details being missed. The site wasn\'92t built to be responsive, causing words and letters to move around awkwardly. All of their contact forms and donation pages were set up using other third party software, which would lead potential donors and volunteers away from their website. Lastly, they didn\'92t actually know how to use their website that they had, which meant that they weren\'92t making posts to keep people informed about what was going on.\
\

\fs36 The Solution\

\fs28 Now that I knew the three main problems, I set to work. I put together some mockups with Adobe XD and shared my thought process with Celena and Coehn. Once I had their approval on the design, I set to work building the site. We wanted the colour red to be a big part of the design, so we selected a variety of shades that worked well together, as well as a shade of white and black to go along with it. Building the site to be responsive from the ground up solved the first of their problems, and the site looked much cleaner and inviting. \
\
For potential donors and volunteers, it\'92s important for them to be able to quickly and easily find the information that they need. All information on the site is no more than two clicks away. I built forms powered by Formspree, which allowed them to securely collect information from the community for free \'97 When you\'92re a non profit, free is crucial. I also created a donation button on the site that allowed them to receive monetary donations online with PayPal.\
\
Finally, I created a custom dashboard that allowed them to add and remove important information from the site. Each post type was built into its own section to make it really easy for them to find, and each post prompts them for specific inputs, so they know exactly what information to include to keep the websites design unified.\
\
Ultimately, the two of them received a product that allowed them to more easily connect with the community that they\'92ve worked so hard to build. \
\

\fs36 Quote\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 Tristan was very communicative and easy to work with. He took the time to teach us how to use the tools that he set up for the site. The result was beyond our expectations and we would recommend him to anyone looking to build a comprehensive site.}